Hi, this ReadMe. file offers a brief description of the Project Fall24-Spring25, NEO which stands for "Neural Network Overconfidence".

In this file, you can expect to find three files "survey_data_copy", "human_data_copy" and "NEO_data". Let me explain what they mean:

- "survey_data_copy" is a copy of the survey responses on QuestionPro, which have been sent out to human partcipants to task of predicting the true label of images. A human participant is randomly assigned to one of the datasets, stanford_cars, oxflowers or dog_chicken_food. You can find "QuestionPro-SR-RawData-04-28-2025.csv", the uncleaned survey data, and "survey_clean.py", the cleaning file for the survey data.

- "human_data_copy" is a copy of the dataset used in the aforementioned survey on QuestionPro. In this file, you can expect to find a "human_data_dict.csv", which simply mapps the image names with a "true label" and whether it's randomly picked to be in the training, validation of testing group. Reader may verify this assignment by opening the files, test_images, train_images and validate_images.

    **Note**: In case you're wondering: oh, why are there only 8 training images? Is it too few? In NEO, we make the following assumptions:
    1. Humans already have some pre-knowledge about "what is an image?", "what is the image of a car/flower/object, etc.", and they only need a few images to train, aka. familiarize, them with the task at hand. In other words, they don't need 10,000 images to learn about what the image of an object would look like.
    2. CNNs used in this experiment are "pre-trained" models ResNet with the World-Images, an incredibly large dataset. In other words, we're using mostly pre-trained models that also only needs a few images to familiarize them with the task at hand.

- "NEO_data contains": run_mixed_anova.R, cnn_result_agg.csv, cnn_result.csv, survey_analysis_agg.csv, survey_analysis.csv.

run_mixed_anova.R takes cnn_result_agg.csv and survey_analysis_agg.csv and conducts ANOVA analysis. The scatterplots and lineplots I showed in the latex document are also generated by cnn_result_agg.csv and survey_analysis_agg.csv.

The agg.csvs are on agent level. They have four columns, row_index, confidence_mean, accuracy_mean, and dataset (1 out of three possible datasets). It's worth noticing that, although 'row_index' ranges from 0-209, it does NOT suggest a paired relationship. 

The other two csvs are per-question option data. I took a screenshot of ten rows of cnn_result.csv to explain how the data is structured:

- row_index: the i-th agent (cnn or human)
- question_group: this uniquely identifies one of the testing images that an agent sees in a question. For example, dataset=stanford_cars and question_group=28 refers to this image in my Github repo. 
- option: the label options available. In this case, you can see question_group=28 has 5 rows, with the options being Audi, BMW, Chevrolet, Dodge and Ford.
probs: a confidence score given each option. The probs add up to one given each question_group and agent.
- confidence: the maximum of probs given each question_group. In this case, it's 0.509. It selects 'Audi' as its predicted class.
true_class: the actual label corresponding to the image of the question_group. The mapping is available here. You may verify that 28.jpg of stanford_cars at test is in fact 'BMW'.
- accuracy: an indicator whether predicted class is true class. In this class, it isn't since Audi is not BMW. 

- confidence_mean and accuracy_mean is the average of confidence and accuracy across each agent. This column is the same in the aggregated and disaggreated csvs.